sql: update auto_random document (#2066)
pingcap/docs: reference/sql/attributes/auto-random.md

Then execute the `INSERT` statement such as `INSERT INTO t(b) values...`.  Now the results will be as follows:

+ If the `INSERT` statement does not specify the values of the integer primary key column (column `a`) or specify the value as `NULL`, TiDB automatically assigns values to this column. These values are not necessarily auto-increment or continuous but are unique, which avoids the hotspot problem caused by continuous row IDs.
+ If the `INSERT` statement explicitly specifies the values of the integer primary key column, TiDB saves these values, which works similarly to the `AUTO_INCREMENT` attribute. Note that if you do not set `NO_AUTO_VALUE_ON_ZERO` in the `@@sql_mode` system variable, TiDB will automatically assign values to this column even if you explicitly specify the value of the integer primary key column as `0`.

TiDB automatically assigns values in the following way:

> The second highest five digits (no matter the column type is signed or unsigned) of the row value in binary (namely, shard bits) are determined by the starting time of the current transaction. The remaining digits are assigned values in an auto-increment order.

Reviewer: 看原文的意思，(no matter the column type is signed or unsigned) 这个应该修饰“最高位”？如果是的话，可能需要把最高位也翻译出来。麻烦和作者再确认下～ @TomShawn

Author: @tangenta PTAL, thanks!

Reviewer 2: 这里没问题。如果列类型是有符号 (signed) 的，最高位为符号位，0 表示正数，1 表示负数；如果列类型是无符号 (unsigned) 的，最高位和其他位一样，没有特殊含义。

但是 auto_random 的实现是把最高位忽略掉，不论列类型是 signed 还是 unsigned，都从次高位算起，因此这里强调了一下。

Author: 好的，thx！

> The second highest five digits (no matter the highest digit is signed or unsigned) of the row value in binary (namely, shard bits) are determined by the starting time of the current transaction. The remaining digits are assigned values in an auto-increment order.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The second highest five digits (no matter the column type is signed or unsigned) of the row value in binary (namely, shard bits) are determined by the starting time of the current transaction. The remaining digits are assigned values in an auto-increment order.
```

In the above `CREATE TABLE` statement, `3` shard bits are specified. The range of the number of shard bits is `[1, field_max_bits)`. `field_max_bits` is the length of bits occupied by the primary key column.

After creating the table, use the `SHOW WARNINGS` statement to see the maximum number of implicit allocations supported by the current table:

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
show warnings
```

```
+-------+------+------------------------------------------------+
| Level | Code | Message                                        |
+-------+------+------------------------------------------------+
| Note  | 1105 | Available implicit allocation times: 268435455 |
+-------+------+------------------------------------------------+
```

In addition, for tables with the `AUTO_RANDOM` attribute, the value of the corresponding `TIDB_ROW_ID_SHARDING_INFO` column in the `information_schema.tables` system table is `PK_AUTO_RANDOM_BITS=x`. `x` is the number of shard bits.

You can use `select last_insert_id ()` to see the last implicit ID assigned by TiDB. For example:

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
insert into t (b) values ("b")
select * from t;
select last_insert_id()
```

> You might see the following results:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might see the following result:
```
